Improve switching-to-preact.md (#678)
preactjs/preact-www: content/en/guide/v10/switching-to-preact.md

## Portals

> Using `createPortal()`, you can add rendering results to the DOM node outside the component at rendering. The target DOM node **must** be present before attempting to render into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `createPortal()`, it's possible to insert JSX into a DOM tree outside of the component being rendered. The target DOM node **must** be present before attempting to render into it.
```
